DEVX-1823: console consumer specific offsets partitions (#391)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/console-consumer-read-specific-offsets-partition/kafka/markup/dev/consume-topic-partition-zero.adoc

Next let's open up a console consumer to read records sent to the topic in the previous step, but you'll only read from the first partition. Kafka partitions
are zero based so your two partitions are numbered `0`, and `1` respectively.

Lets start a console consumer to read only records from the first partition, `0`

+++++
<pre class="snippet"><code class="shell">{% include_raw tutorials/console-consumer-read-specific-offsets-partition/kafka/code/tutorial-steps/dev/console-consumer-keys-partition-zero.sh %}</code></pre>
+++++

After a few seconds you should see something like this

+++++
<pre class="snippet"><code class="shell">{% include_raw tutorials/console-consumer-read-specific-offsets-partition/kafka/code/tutorial-steps/dev/expected-output-step-one.txt %}</code></pre>
+++++

> You'll notice you sent 12 records, but only 3 went to the first partition.  The reason for this is the way Kafka calculates the partition for any key.  Kafka calculates the partition by taking the hash of the key modulo the number of partitions.  So, even though you have 2 partitions, depending on what the key hash value is, you aren't guaranteed an even distribution of records across partitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll notice you sent 12 records, but only 3 went to the first partition.  The reason for this is the way Kafka calculates the partition assigment for a given record.  Kafka calculates the partition by taking the hash of the key modulo the number of partitions.  So, even though you have 2 partitions, depending on what the key hash value is, you aren't guaranteed an even distribution of records across partitions.
```
